Document metric overhead (#1682)
openvinotoolkit/model_server: docs/metrics.md

```
[Example metrics output](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openvinotoolkit/model_server/v2022.2/docs/metrics_output.out)

## Performance considerations

> Collecting metrics has negligible performance overhead when used with typical models. However when used with very lightweight, fast models which inference time is very short, the metric incrementation can take noticeable proportion of the processing time. Consider it while enabling metrics for such models.

Reviewer: Maybe instead of "typical models" we could be more precise? Like replace it with something like:
"models of average size and complexity". It would fit nicely with the next sentence when you mention "very lightweight, fast models"

Author: fixed

> The metrics have minimal-to-zero performance overhead when used with standard models. However when used with lightweight, fast models which inference time is very small, the metric incrementation can take significant amount of CPU time compared to actual inference. Consider disabling metrics for such models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Collecting metrics has negligible performance overhead when used with typical models. However when used with very lightweight, fast models which inference time is very short, the metric incrementation can take noticeable proportion of the processing time. Consider it while enabling metrics for such models.
```
